F6005: New way of changing the PLOAM password (#334)
hack-gpon/hack-gpon.github.io: _ont/ont-zte-f6005.md

{% include image.html file="f6005_of.jpg" alt="F6005 Open Fiber" caption="F6005 with Open Fiber branding <a href='https://forum.fibra.click/u/mirko991'>@mirko991</a>" %}
{% include image.html file="f6005_tim.jpg" alt="F6005 TIM" caption="F6005 with ZTE branding, like the ones used by TIM" %}
{% include image.html file="f6005_teardown.jpg" alt="F6005 teardown" caption="F6005 teardown" %}

> ## Change Ploam password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change PLOAM password from the web UI
```

> The Password and Update Password  fields are disabled and hidden, but can be re-enabled via the browser's developer console by editing the HTML code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some software versions, Password and Update Password fields are disabled and hidden even when using the admin account. They sometimes can be re-enabled via the browser's developer console by editing the HTML code and setting:

- CSS display property to show (from none)
- HTML `disabled=true` attribute to `enabled=true`
```

> Tested and fully working  with V6.0.10P2N19 (OpenFiber) firmware 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This has been tested on the following firmware versions:
- V6.0.10P2N19 (OpenFiber)
```
